Mr. Ji informed me that Mrs. Shao had a car accident.
intentional
Yes!
You go check it out
It's all intentional
Yiming
I feel that Brother Lin Chuan has suspected me now
He asked someone to check, you will definitely find me by then
What should we do?
What should we do then?
Don't worry, I'll definitely find a way for you.
By the way, our company has been short of funds recently.
You ask Ji Lingchuan for 30 million yuan for me.
I will definitely help you solve your problem then, 30 million
Ji Lingchuan has suspected me now
How could I possibly take 30 million from him
He is the richest man in Yuncheng
Hey, doesn't he have an unlimited black card?
Now he thinks you are the Mengmeng of his second sister-in-law back then
With this affection
He will definitely help you.
Try it.
How is the doctor?
How is he?
He is now out of danger.
You can transfer it to the ordinary ward for flow observation.
Then then
Your boss is quite worried about his employees.
I'm still guarding outside in person
If you hadn't told me, I would have thought you were her husband
Why did you hear the doctor say that?
I actually feel very happy